I want to go home
I mean, there are conditions, okay?
You are my child
Oh, is that Miss Shen?
Oh, young master, you are here, hahaha.
Pregnant women should not blow
Come with me!
This is the housekeeper I hired for you
It's very capable
An aunt will take care of you in the future
Come in, come on
Come on. I'm in.
This is what the doctor ordered.
You have to take a good look
This is our courtyard
I'll tell you first, okay?
I will not marry you
But after the baby is born
Custody must be mine
Children can enjoy the best life by following me
The best education?
But if you want to see the kids
Anytime.
In addition, I will give you a sum of money.
Let you live the rest of your life without worry
And I will take care of your brother's medical expenses.
This is not allowed to refuse
You got paid?
I'm so at ease
Mr. Song, the person who changed the company's data found it
Getting up late made him run abroad
Did you call the police?
Due to time to take measures
What's the matter, just say something
What happened to Miss Shen in the hotel last time
Said that the data was wrong this time.
I think someone is playing tricks behind it
I think so.
Don't make a sound
The young master is back
Well, how about you, salted fish?
He's eating, making soup for you, making soup for me